#labels Featured
= Released =

== 0.0.16 ==
 * Error log for unexpected errors now stores to ./errors.txt - it will be helpful for researching errors on client installations.
 * Rename pages feature (issue #21).
 * Generate sitemap.xml file (issue #37).
 * Additional syntax for links: [[link to somewhere]] (issue #35).
 * New syntax for italic: //italic//. 
 * Improved HTTP/404 page (now it's customizable by editing page ./error/404).
 * Themes support.

== 0.0.15 ==
 * Paging on 'All changes' page.
 * WikiSyntax changed a bit: // for italic //
 * Minor fixes.

== 0.0.14 ==
 * List unauthorized users in admin interface and grant them authorization (issue #29).
 * Installer: additional pre-install check for ZipArchive. Also <? changed to <?php (issue #32).
 * Fixed wiki layout for /italic/ text (issue #9).

== 0.0.13 ==
 * New content block type @html for embed HTML support.
 * Fixed Wrong breadcrump path (issue #18).
 * Fixed Invalid codepage of RSS feed (issue #17).
 * Fixed some other bugs.

== 0.0.12 ==
 * Initial [WikiSyntax Wiki syntax] support for bold, italic, subscript and superscript text (issue #9).
 * List of all registered users.
 * Added config property for changing license.
 * Page hierarchy implemented (issue #6).
 * Handle @subtitle and @subsubtitle (issue #14).
 * Simple image handling added with @img url (issue #15).

== 0.0.11 ==
Bugfix: @page`[Internal link`] doesn't work (issue #11).

== 0.0.10 ==
Bugfix of installation script and configuration panel.

== 0.0.9 ==
 * List of all changes.
 * RSS channel for changes log.
 * Usable wiki configuration for administrators.
 * Bugfix.

== 0.0.8 ==
 * New positive logo :)
 * Changed format of localization data.
 * Access rights customization.
 * Anonymous editing.
 * Detect previous installation and update it.

== 0.0.7 ==
 * Localization (Russian and English languages impleented).
 * E-mail change confirmation re-implemented to prevent account blocking.
 * Improve installation with checking of newwer version of WikiCrowd.
 * Bugfix.

== 0.0.6 ==
 * Initial public version.